Liskov Substitution Principle states the following:
"in a computer program, if S is a subtype of T, then objects of type T
may be replaced with objects of type S (i.e., objects of type S may substitute objects of type T)
without altering any of the desirable properties of that program
(correctness, task performed, etc.)". Simply said, any object of some class
in an object-oriented program can be replaced by an object of a child class.


Inheritance, Polymorphism, Subtyping
Inheritance is a concept fairly simple to understand – it is when an object 
or a class are based on another object or class. When a class is "inherited" 
from another class, it means that the inherited class (also called subclass, or child class) 
contains all the characteristics of the superclass (parent class), but can also contain 
new properties. Let's illustrate this with a common example: if you have a class Watch, 
you can inherit from that class to get a class PocketWatch . A pocket watch is still a watch, 
it just has some additional features.

Another example would be a class called Woman with a child class called Mother. 
A mother is still a woman, with the addition of having a child. This brings us to the 
next term we should explain, which is called polymorphism: objects can behave in one 
way in a certain situation, and in another way in some other situation. 
In object-oriented programming, this is called context-dependent behavior. 
To use the last example: a mother, when taking a walk with her child or attending a school 
parent's meeting, will behave as a mother. But when she is out with her friends, 
at work or simply doing errands, she will behave as a woman. 
(As you can see, this difference is not that strict.)

Subtyping is a concept that is not identical to polymorphism. However, the two are so 
tightly connected and fused together in common languages like C++, Java and C#, 
that the difference between them is practically non-existent. We will still give 
a formal definition of subtyping, though, for the sake of completeness, 
but the details will not be discussed in this article. "In programming language theory, 
subtyping (also subtype polymorphism or inclusion polymorphism) is a form of 
type polymorphism in which a subtype is a datatype that is related to another datatype (the supertype) 
by some notion of substitutability, meaning that program elements, typically subroutines 
or functions, written to operate on elements of the supertype can also operate on 
elements of the subtype. If S is a subtype of T, the subtyping relation is often written S <: T, 
to mean that any term of type S can be safely used in a context where a term of type T is expected."
